I will, uh. Marshall Robinette? Oh yeah, in fact
they were in a special, I shouldn't have been
injured, after laying out of school two years,
dropped English and the next
summer
took a correspondence
course, so I had three credit hours that I made, but
you know how easy the UT courses are. So you have at
least some Lang Longhorn background. I had three
hours in university
time. I was in this housing school class, and I
can't think of his name I wish that anybody
would see him. They had a bunch of these football
players in there that were taking science, and I
was in that class,
and it was after a bloody cinch for me, because two
years I was going to high school as a coach, so I had a
lot of fun helping these guys.
Let's see, help me with nicknames for various food
items in the dining hall. Cush, butter, milk, tea,
ketchup.
Milk was cow, wasn't it? Yeah.
Bread, bread was deal.
Try to recall and share with me some of the pranks,
the jokes, the good bull that you knew about,
whether you were involved or not, that you knew.
Well, I think I can tell you that. Yeah. One of the
guys, the old thing, the real
type
of mask,
he was holding
one of the infantry companies
where the regimental
cannon for the infantry. He said, last week, he
said, boy, this guy can scare the wits out of any
body, anybody. He said, if you, he said, if you ever
pass Keeley up leading, I'll get
him to come over and play as a sleeper, but if you'll
have him in,
that is great. And this guy came over, and I mean, he
was something. He was something else. He'd, he
could fix it when he's sloppy.
And there he'd be. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
as fish ever do any play any jokes on a sophomore can
you think of any retaliation don't
ever
do
it any drown outs of sophomores
big beer tradition this
went
on
until
a senior
year
deceased
had a fish
day
just really
anybody's
connected with this
no
fish days instead of being moving to me only posted
and neither did the battalion
that if he is dealing directly with these company
commanders I made him get married
so I I had developed a friendship also
to a situation I
just need somebody to talk to that he's got to put up
if
i don't know how you
can get that good and this big meeting
everybody
else got good except they finally now
this this beer bust where was that little where was
it physically it was west of the track and
this was day or night okay and so your outfit would
be there I know
no no no dates after that now
this was primarily beer was their food nobody
else except the outfit no girls no Paris just
would there be other outfits having parties at
different places do
you remember any other pranks played on
sophomores or seniors or stealing somebody's
footlocker was that a
where would you hide them
or did
y'all
play hall hockey
that I know in the in the 60s they would play it with a
ball with the ball in the hallway and you were to
kick it through the door at the end of the hallway
and it's kind of like like kickball where what tell
me about the bull ring where was it what was it you
walk the
bull ring
or
infractions
when when did you do that was there a time specific
times in uniform where where where was it
at what time did you get out of the way to get back to
the ball what do you think the men and your outfit
thought about you as a sophomore what kind of a
sophomore were you
what
were the incentives for you to succeed at a&m the
depression family what a Tell me about those.
I think that's about everything else. All right,
and you and your brothers are first-generation
college students. Did either of your parents go to
college? And you went to high school at
Hallisville? Yes. How many in your senior class?
Do you remember anything about the retention rate
in your freshman, sophomore years?
About how many would graduate in your outfit?
Important question. Who were some of the
memorable teachers, counselors, advisors,
staff members? Tell me about as many of those as you
can. Well, Dr. .
What did he do?
Chemistry?
Physics? I'm just
trying to think about the outstanding
lecture. English? Math?
Were there some characters that you remember?
Describe him, please. Well, he was full of
subject. He could bring it to you. Why was he satch?
I think it was because of carrying that satchel.
Describe Dr. Walton, President Walton's
personality.
Gilchrist. Describe him, please. That
thing straightened
out without
all the dire things that there was about such a
thing. In the core, were there some memorable core
officials? We mostly did a
good job later on
after we went to Lucian's and returned to another
engineering maintenance company
down in the States and got what we were assigned as
an engineering recommender. First thing you do at
the back of the season, instead of training the
engineering maintenance company. But at that
time, we were very anxious to do this. I'm . . . You
know, we were graduating early, not too early, but
a few, two, three weeks early. And all of the
engineers went to Sam Houston. Fort Sam?
Fort Sam Houston. There wasn't a single one that
wanted not to get his commission. I'm very
fascinated with
E-Square,
physical examination,
including
I was called
in and I was asked, possibly, to go to the medical
center, and so one of the medical officers there
was just 50% bigger than us, and it turned out it was
E-Square and he was absolutely devastated. It
wasn't like in the 50-meter wall where everybody
wanted to go. We did not want to be busted out. Now,
this is the spring of 41. What was your nickname?
Just last? You didn't have any? Let's go to
classroom behavior. Oh, OK. What kind of
behavior? What kind of behavior? What were the
expectations of class? How did y'all behave in
class? Did you go to class regularly? Did you stay
awake? We behaved. Was
the roll checked?
And grades went home. Did y'all even compute grade
point ratios? Y'all didn't talk about GPA, did
you?
Now, you came planning to major in engineering.
Right. And you stayed with engineering the whole
way. All
right, looking back, what were the most important
courses that you took, and why?
Had you done slide rule in high school? So that
began. Was there a kind of...
Where was the... Who taught you how to use the slide
rule?
Typical engineer freshmen took that. And how did
you transport the slide rule from one place to
another? Did you use the slide rule? No. OK. to
another where did you all
right
among
you engineers engineering was the the prime major
was there any major on the campus that y'all looked
down on made fun of teased about
so
that almost everybody was either an ag what was the
most did any particular field of engineering have
the largest enrollment was there one that was most
popular
let's talk about the library did y'all call it
cushing or did you just cushing library or just the
library uh and uh was it possible to go over there
and find a corner to snooze it to sleep in and
did y'all see
and it just it just really started
so did that have a name doing that all right see i
haven't heard that one before would that happen
when you got caught right then right back to the
library uh how about how much time did you spend in
the library uh and your academic load per semester
was normally what and you graduated in what four
years
all right the ymca what what role did it play in the
campus
describe let's go back you said your group
mentioned mentioned what what that was
were
there were there similar groups for other who was
the key leader was there an advisor or
who who headed the ymca then was it mr cashin red
cashin's dad and
let's see what else happened in the wide what well
that was That was a place where we...